[Music]
Okay family first of all remember
everyone that could be a member whoever would like to
become a member whoever we
like it's absolutely nothing wrong but it
would be a great support if everyone who
can be a member and subscribes to the
channel above all okay today something
very nice happened and that is that
people have stayed well I think they have been staying
since yesterday I think it was exactly yesterday
a few stayed in Madrid and today in
Barcelona a bunch
of youtubers went on an adventure a bunch of youtubers have gone
wrong today although they do
people they have been posting photos we are not going to
see it and we are going to comment on a
little job they are live from ibai a live
that he did and vice today
talking about dinner yesterday I think he was going to
go he was not there today I think he was going to be
there he was yesterday
well here we see
adding indigo here
and her sister are they twins
or are they twins they are the same they are not
twins in reality what is there
with stain and look at the comanche plug her
twin sister supplied the gamer brand they are
not twins or anything they are and okay
mariana
juan look
but it has that  short these people
have that short of language the
cleaning service slept in my
bed
Mariana
if you prefer Spanish people I prefer to
know things for example let's suppose that
I have to meet Comanche or Craig
of course and we have one here and the other no way
and if I tell you that I am cry
to
crown the finger
Juan has also raised chairs no
one
if I have come by adventure look this was
yesterday at dinner with Ibai and I think and you are
going to euros they were yesterday but not today
if they have come up and of course they have
come for the wine evidently
Pezzi is there
I think by adventure the
guests are all thanks for the
adventure tagging him I'm not crying about Port
Aventura what he has done has been or they have
recorded there or they have recorded some
part there or that the guests will have
found out that they are coming they will have said
that he invited us all a promo I
wish you the best it is good night bad Paris
police espol
police Paul is this man youtuber that
what Paul and because I see him in
many places but I don't know exactly if it
is  youtube if he works on something for cars I
don't have much of an idea the truth and then
we had ari who had also uploaded
concilia but well
let's see directly the
video of the ibai electro video is
released now but I've been seeing it for a
long time on the internet yesterday friends I
have to tell you that I had dinner with
these people the truth is that it's no
secret because I think they've already uploaded
most of the photos of the dinner we have to
say that it was now it was good I didn't
take a picture with shoulder play valuable
everyone who is waiting for him and
who is mentioning me we didn't take
a picture the truth is that we went to dinner and to
eat they don't appear in a photo together in
which they appear as a group and I didn't even remember
sincerely no there is no or no no there is
no photo the next time we
see each other in 5 years if we remember that
but follow you it's true that I was
sitting in front of auguró in play okay
and what he eats doesn't make any kind of
embarrassing sense
like two giant seafood plates between
him and I we ate a whole one but
something crazy will have to finish
incredible leaves crab legs
oysters I don't know what stamps he ate I don't
even know what it was and he but he ate I mean at my
level he ate or more and we ate our
plate and then we ate the plate of
the other people now I don't have to
say because well you know that seafood there
are people who don't like it very much and such and
such there is nothing [ __ ] great he does
n't like seafood great I love
seafood he doesn't like it very much great
Juan isn't [ __ ] great either we ate
other dishes
look we ate like another tray of
people you can see what this guy eats it
's impressive I mean besides it was
like seafood with seafood with a mojito
funny giving a lot of grace four months
and as much as a coffee I mean let's say a
mixture in the stomach spectacular and
nothing the truth is that very well I got up
to my ass eating honestly but
I had a great time and then there was also
like a kind of
well I think they are mariachis in fact they
were two Mexicans the Mexican guys
that work in that restaurant
Barcelona to in Barcelona
and because I had in mind that it was
Madrid to
have  in mind that lamadrid for some reason is
getting along here with juan
here with ari
interview with pau gasol
[Music]
for some reason I had that la madrid beijing
for some reason I had in mind that it was in
madrid
look what's on the scene
how are we doing is still around here luis
de val
well I don't know why to have a mind of
lamadrid and I hate
maybe someone has put
in some photo tag madrid take care with
the efficient tambourine and me as there is the whole
bar surely it is that someone has
already arrived in madrid or some
thing like that because they haven't made us
stop in madrid then he had barcelona
will this surely not and we were
singing songs it didn't make much
sense that they had yesterday in madrid and in
barcelona I also tell you we counted like
eight songs I asked for one by oscar
d'león representing latam juan asked for
one from mexico he didn't have a [ __ ] idea what it
was but I sang then I don't know if it
was by david bisbal it won't be typical of
those that david bisbal sings to you he asked for it there
will be a play completely sure I have
no doubts it was the  damn truth I had a
really good time they are very nice people heroes I
have to say I had an extremely
good time it seems like a dinner
what do you think of that jesus 2 your version of
kenia os yolanda saldívar lately
dedicates many tweets to her yes I know that she
dedicates a lot of yours kenia I
see it on twitter that as a hater of
who no longer but that I don't know who
maite zaldívar is maite zaldívar maite
zaldívar you told me maite is late she is not the one from
cachuli the one from
the mayor of marbella they put him in
jail
and why does he call her more salt maite
zaldívar you are confusing me no that can't
be
we are mixing of the world there is
different spectacular we had a very good
vibe I got along with me I don't know why I love
the truth because it is like the one who always takes
note of everything and well but in mono he lives
in spain now coming from argentina
well I think that this type of things
can excite him this type of
experiences that he attracts he is
here traveling for a while or something like he took it
from spain and I went  ok the truth is that it did
n't make any sense but
well he was there talking to
people and such and telling what he was doing in
Spain you know how he never stops
talking
and I left as always it was an
Argentine at a dinner I said well since they
come from Mexico then we have to bring a
little Repsol I could have made a nice
barbecue Argentine presentation and
nothing take a picture of everyone a picture
with people who well it's not on YouTube anymore
those people there that we are one of
the bosses of euroempleo something like that and the
son of a [ __ ] sees the upload on Twitter it's the photo he
has on Twitter like 40 thousand fax he
dances his baton and says Merry Christmas and
west uploading this nothing happens the
balls
and well the boss as you know each
YouTube is in an agency so to
speak so there are people that the
agencies work with us so there
was like a colleague from Aurum who
was saying 'not with us that he's not a
YouTuber but he's been
working with him for many years and uploaded the photo but
well today nothing happens I don't
know why it's like his manager or
calling  whatever you want I do
n't know why it's something laughing a lot in
that photo the truth is we don't look at the banner
that is on twitter with 40 thousand fake or
am I here talking
how many
secrets
some photo to have a
second no no I wouldn't go and
more focus has arrived I'm telling you let's see like the
watchmaker is that this is incredible
look let's see over here well well well well well nothing this is the photo I don't know why I'm laughing so much the truth is I think that here or rather here I laugh so much because this is the fifth photo you know it's like you know when they take six photos and on the sixth you say something like
yeah but well I'm also telling you that I came out
better than eight it seems absolutely
drugged effectively yes I
left 10 in the sand minecraft land
but it's exactly the same as me more
well and then guys then it was full
especially and I were very full
but I said
aurum do it let's have to
order a crepe well
no really yes I'm going to have a bad time
but why come that's why I posted
the tweet about food I wanted to post it yesterday
today posted the tweet about food
what  beautiful is eating well, it's one thing to
eat well and not and not eating expensive and eating
well in general for me eating well is a
hard three euros even if you have
calera that's how it gives me happiness in Mali
the photo was born and we took them with me it's
an alligator indeed a crepe with
ice cream it was a spectacle in the air it was a
spectacle and well it's a photo the
truth is strange sincerely like very
happy very happy mamo the truth is strange
this photo no no it doesn't make sense and 8
uploaded nice but the guy like the one who is there
all the time it's strange 8 is like or I mean I like him
a lot I hope uncle style at
dinner and says eat
or followed me but what does he say how did
we get down
well nothing family
we will see a river guayas and well full of
references it looks like it looks like we will
see a
river wine
full of reference I have around here I'm
going okay direct unexpected and I hope it has
fulfilled with you and that you
liked it I
still have to have dinner I still have to have dinner
so nothing I hope you liked
the live tomorrow you have a
very powerful main video you will like even if it
is your honor ocha Valerie let's adjust
the video  quite powerful and
nothing at full throttle I don't know why it's trending on
twitter right now Carola I don't know what it tastes like,
I imagine it's something about
tortilla, I have no [ __ ] idea but I've
come this far for today tomorrow Friday
tomorrow half loses we'll be full throttle
Maya we'll be full throttle
a kiss and that they are the little angels until
tomorrow family well we're
going
[Music]
[Music] I
don't know who